Miss Anna
I remember that your country should not allow it now.
Businessperson in a private capacity
Scalping. Scalping.
Are you going crazy?
This foreign girl is too popular
Calm down Miss Anna
I just want to talk to you about business
What business?
Yo Ayao
Do you still know
What about foreigners?
Haha, just met
Who are you going to hit?
What do you want?
Really, what do you have?
Motorcycles are very good in our country.
Motorcycles in your country have a high throttle.
Power foot anti-drop
Very cool.
Suitable for a pure wild wife like me
Master, what can you do with me?
Blankets, it's cold there.
If the supplies are not enough
I'm afraid many people will die
I have my coat here.
Quilt blanket
I have a kettle, anything you want
Why don't you try this with a leather blanket first?
You are so smart
I rarely meet people like you.
What's your name?
My name is deer head
Well, if it's ok
I'll send someone to trade with you in three days.
At that time, how many deskmates do you have?
It's ok.
Mr. Slave, maybe before the deal
We can fall into petty evil